this next comedian you may have heard
her on national radio put your hand
together for Barbara good evening I just
want to have a show of hands here how
many of you have ever been asked the
question why did you made another China
I was in Mississippi a year ago and
that's the question I got and I was
really honest and I said twelve thousand
dollars me like that buddy you guys out
there think of what you are paying for
the vagina you are romancing yo last
night you probably throat all over
Seattle looking for that special condom
wasted a whole tank of gas just to find
out that every promises in Seattle is
part of the bush abstinence program then
you then you're going to get that
special condo deal that romantic
timeshare just 80 miles south of the Las
Vegas river and finding when you say
you'll be going to the therapist every
single week from here on now saying why
did I say yes
thousand dollars and I have access to
this vagina and meet online what yes
it's like that old song said why can't
an ugly woman to be your wife when you
sir can be an ugly woman for the rest of
your life
I know anybody here ever been drunk and
I mean like you know 14 self-inflicted
piercings on the nipple drug anybody
well I have actually never been drumming
it's not that I'm a goody two-shoes I'm
just afraid very afraid I was so cold
sober when I had my penis removed
imagine what I could do if I were drunk
how do we have my ex-wife's balls
removed speaking of my wonderful family
my father is a very very strong believer
in the institution of marriage he says
expressly marriage is only for one man
and six women it's not that he's married
that he's mormon he's just been divorced
six times but apparently who you married
in Vegas stays in Vegas but it seems
virtually I had a very very tough mother
my mother was so tough she had three
hits one of each my parents were good
enough to send me on me to private
school back in the old country when we
were in Germany every morning we would
go into this school and learn abaqus and
then during recess we don't make other
playgrounds well I really am enjoying my
life as a woman even though the former
president of Harvard says women are not
equipped for mathematics well like
thirty percent of other women I think
mr. summers is full of it the other
imprisoned
say mistress mr. summers is lucky to
live in Massachusetts where you can
marry a mound and took a while over here
and now that should go our way out there
so meanwhile speaking of women in high
rolls who here is looking for forward to
a woman president I am but it seems like
ng blows he just doesn't want the job so
I have decided to sign up with the
committee to re-elect the president and
anybody else here well I mean after all
I'm ready to forgive president or we're
not showing up her work for these last
six years by the way this this outfit
make me look in the least bit pageant
you know I am hear the voices out there
you're losing her that's true I have
lost more than 50 pounds since Christmas
yeah and you know what that means i have
lost a whole Calista Flockhart and I do
what my doctor tells me every day he
said walk for at least 10 minutes and i
discovered it's precisely 10 minutes
from my front door to the godiva
chocolate kiosk and
oh well i think i have to get out of
here now but i watch you guys do
remember I barbarous there and yes I
haven't always been Barbara I used to be
far